User Stories:
1. As a user I want to be able to create a personal account
2. As a user I want to be able to delete my account
3. As a user I want to be able to ﻿view my account information


Use Cases:

USE CASE #1:

Title: Creation of new accounts
Primary Actor: User
Stakeholders and Interests:

	User: Wants to be able to create new account with unique username.


Precondition: Username doesn’t already exist or isn’t a reserved username.
Trigger: User can click on signup to create new account.
Main success scenario:

     1. User selects signup action
     2. The SuD loads the signup page
     3. User enters username, password, first name, last name in their 
	relevant fields
     4. User clicks submit
     5. SuD flashes message
     6. If there are no errors, SuD loads up login page
     7. User logs in using credentials



USE CASE #2 :

Title: Deleting accounts
Primary Actor: User
Stakeholders and Interests:

	User: Wants to be able to delete their account.


Precondition: User is logged in.
Trigger: User can go to account information page and select delete account.
Main success scenario:

        1. User clicks on his username on top of page
        2. The SuD loads the account information page
        3. User clicks the delete account button
        4. SuD logs out user
        5. SuD loads home page
        6. User can no longer login with previous username
        7. User’s username is replaced by “RemovedAccount” on all posts,
                topics or groups.




USE CASE #3:

Title: View account information
Primary Actor: User
Stakeholders and Interests:

         User: Wants to be able to view account information.


Precondition: User is logged in.
Trigger: User can go to account information page and view account information.
Main success scenario:

        1. User clicks on his username on top of page
        2. The SuD loads the account information page
        3. User information is available to user
